# Azure-Informator-Chat-Bot
Azure Services Informator ChatBot Using Azure Cognitive Services And Facebook Messenger

This project utilizes the power of Azure Cognitive Services, QnA Maker along with Azure Bot Service to construct a Chat Bot on Facebook Messenger to provide high availability, reliability and accurate information for the customer care/help service. Customer service will be provided with a well-designed Chat Bot that uses NLP (Natural Language Processing) and QnA data to provide user with most accurate answer to their query. QnA Maker can help fetch data from various web pages and can also apply NLP techniques to provide an amazing customer experience, one seldom feels that he/she is not talking to a person but to a bot. Many social media platforms can be used for this project. We choose Facebook as our platform for this project, it has 2.9 billion active users, making our products reach higher number of audiences. Chat Bot Uses QnA Maker to create chat bot service for our Azure Service Facebook Page. Chat Bot is embedded into Facebook messenger for our page so our customers can follow our page for latest updates to Azure and also ask their queries related to it by messaging the page directly. Furthermore, Azure and Facebook for developers analytics helps us gain insight into our Chat bot and analyse the customer behaviour towards our products. So by simply adding such Chat Bot services we save time for ourselves and the customers too who have higher chances of leaving with satisfaction and a clear mind having the queries addressed without having to go through the turmoil of being on hold or awaiting long time.
